Nothing is impossible, the word itself says I’m possible!

I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.

Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.

Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.

Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.

If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.

Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.

I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.

Believe you can and you’re halfway there.

To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.

Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.

Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.

I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.

Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.

I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.

When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.

The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.

It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.

Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.

The only way to do great work is to love what you do.

Change your thoughts and you change your world.

The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.

If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.

Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.

Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.

You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.

I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.

I would rather die of passion than of boredom.

A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.

A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.

What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.

I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.

If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.

Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.

If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.

Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.

When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.

Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.

How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.

When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down happy. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.

We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.

Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.

We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Nothing will work unless you do.

I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.

Life is about making an impact, not making an income.

Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.

Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.

You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.

I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.

The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.

Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.

Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.

Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being.

Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.

We become what we think about.

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover.

Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.

The mind is everything. What you think you become.

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.

An unexamined life is not worth living.

Eighty percent of success is showing up.

Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.

Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.

I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.

Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.

You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.

I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.

Either you run the day, or the day runs you.

Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.

The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. 

Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.

The best revenge is massive success.

People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily.

Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
